[AUDIO LOGO]
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: What
does cosmic DNA mean?
>>EVA MARQUEZ: The cosmic DNA
is that sleeping DNA within us,
is that spark of God that
every single one of us has.
Yes, so we carry the ancestral
DNA from our genetic family.
But we also carry
our soul mind DNA.
There are many other aspects
of the language of light,
as colors, sound, numbers,
and geometric shapes.
They are multi-dimensional
because in our meditations,
we can reach these
multidimensional places.
That means if as
far as we can reach,
so deep we can go
within our body.
>>NOORY: Well, welcome
to Beyond Belief.
Eva Marquez is with us, author
of "Activate Your Cosmic DNA."
She's also a healer spiritual
consultant and a teacher
with a strong connection to
the Pleiades star system,
her mission is to
help humanity evolve
from a mindset of survival
to being multidimensional.
Eva, welcome to the program.
>>MARQUEZ: Thank you so
much for inviting me.
>>NOORY: Tell me how you
got involved in cosmic DNA?
How did you learn this?
>>MARQUEZ: Well, as a child,
I was always curious child.
And I always believe
there's much more
than just the human life that
we have here on the Earth.
And so over the time as
I grew up and learned
for the-- searched
for the answers
and going through my personal
ups and down through life,
I became very interested in the
Pleiades and all this topic.
And that became my life journey.
>>NOORY: Have you had
help and assistance?
>>MARQUEZ: I had the
assistance of my guide.
If I can count to help,
I had the Lyme disease,
which was the biggest help
to me on this journey.
>>NOORY: You got it
from an infected tick.
>>MARQUEZ: Yes.
>>NOORY: Are you cured?
>>MARQUEZ: I'm cured.
I found a healing.
I actually learned the
healing and started
to pursue all this journey
of finding the answers.
>>NOORY: How long
had you had that?
>>MARQUEZ: About 14 years ago.
>>NOORY: That's a long time.
>>MARQUEZ: Yeah.
That was the
life-changing moment.
>>NOORY: And a lot of
people can't get rid of it.
You are remarkable to
be able to do that.
>>MARQUEZ: I'd hope.
>>NOORY: What does
cosmic DNA mean.
The cosmic DNA is that
sleeping DNA within us.
It's that spark of God that
every single one of us has.
And it has so much of
answers waiting for us.
>>NOORY: Tell me more.
>>MARQUEZ: There's just
so much to go around it.
So we know that we
have that sleeping DNA.
And that sleeping DNA
has been passed to us
through our
extraterrestrial ancestors
or those alien ancestors
as we talk about.
And I think it's a
fascinating journey
to start exploring
it and looking at it.
What does it really mean for us?
And how can we awaken it?
And how can we find a
way to understand it,
sort of making that beautiful,
mystical extraterrestrials
normal in the 21st century?
>>NOORY: Is the
cosmic DNA different
from normal human DNA?
>>MARQUEZ: It is not different.
It's actually the same.
The difference between the
cosmic DNA and the human DNA
is that we as humans are
not aware of that cosmic DNA
within us.
We still do not know what to do
with it or how to, let's say,
trigger it that we will activate
our self-healing abilities.
>>NOORY: And what does
cosmic DNA do for us?
>>MARQUEZ: The
cosmic DNA will help
us to evolve into
multi-dimensional spaces
because we are getting there.
We would like to live
under different planets
and different places.
But for that we have to
change not only spiritually,
but we have to also
change physically.
And by understanding
the DNA and literally
finding that cosmic DNA within
us will help us to do it.
>>NOORY: Do we all have
cosmic DNA within us?
>>MARQUEZ: Yes.
>>NOORY: All of us?
>>MARQUEZ: Absolutely.
Now all the ancient
book speaks about
that body is a microcosm
of the macrocosm.
That itself suggests that,
yes, they do have a cosmic DNA.
We are actually
the cosmic beings.
>>NOORY: How did we get
it in the first place?
>>MARQUEZ: I believe that every
single one of us carry it.
We carry it from that
beautiful glob of the light
or the God, the source of
the God that we came through
and they carry it
in our incarnation.
But we also get that little jump
quantum speed on our journey
through the ancient
aliens as we know
of the stories of the
Anunnaki in ancient Sumeria
where there has
been definitely DNA
genetic modification going on.
That's literally our cosmic
DNA, catch the little bit
of that jet stream
or the quantum speed
that we are literally
discovering today and learning
to understand today.
>>NOORY: So you're
convinced that we were
seeded by extraterrestrials.
>>MARQUEZ: Yes.
And not only that, I also
believe that some of us
are extraterrestrials.
>>NOORY: Full?
>>MARQUEZ: Well, depends, we are
all incarnated into human body.
>>NOORY: Are you?
Am I?
>>MARQUEZ: Why not?
We are such--
>>NOORY: But how
would we know that?
>>MARQUEZ: How do we know that.
I think that's actually
a very simple answer.
So the people who
read the past lives.
They're the people who can tune
in our soul-mind consciousness
and they can trace these
past lives all the way down
to the day, let's
say, ancient Egypt.
And some of them feel it all
the way before the Earth,
before we were born on the
Earth or before we first landed
in the spaceship on the Earth.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>MARQUEZ: That suggests that
we are extraterrestrial species.
>>NOORY: So we're star seeds?
>>MARQUEZ: Yes.
They also had a life
prior Earth our stars.
>>NOORY: The fact that we
have this cosmic DNA within us
what does that do for us?
Anything special?
>>MARQUEZ: It gives us that
what we call today the special
abilities, the
self-healing abilities--
>>NOORY: Does it give
us intuitiveness?
>>MARQUEZ: Intuitiveness,
the remote viewing abilities,
for example, clear
sentience abilities.
It'll actually even
activate our ability of work
toward the ability that we
are able to time travel.
It's all built
within this body it's
like most sophisticated tool
or the machine that we have.
>>NOORY: Is there any danger
to having this cosmic DNA
within us?
>>MARQUEZ: The danger
would be misusing it
and we are responsible for it.
We have to make a choice
how we use our abilities.
>>NOORY: How would we misuse it?
>>MARQUEZ: To misuse
it will be to,
let's say focus only on
the mind development.
So we know they are in
this age of the fast
forward technological
evolution, which
can be very easily outsourced
to the mind and the computer
and the artificial intelligence.
And that could be a danger
possible in the future.
However, if we continue
the same pathway
and we connect it to our
heart and really connect
the essence of our beautiful
soul with our amazing mind,
that's how we use
it in the right way.
>>NOORY: How did you find out
that you were a star seed?
Were you told this?
>>MARQUEZ: I had this
interesting experience.
Well, as a little child when
I was about two or three years
old, I would draw a spaceship
under my mother's sofa--
>>NOORY: Just doodling.
>>MARQUEZ: Just doodling.
And making sure that there's
the blueprint of the spaceship,
which I didn't think about
much until later on in life,
I start to think about it.
I saw the UFO about
three times in my life.
However, it wasn't until I
started like many spiritual
to people to explore
my journey and try
to connect with my guide.
So one day I felt this presence
of the being beside me.
And this being said, Pleiades.
I didn't know what Pleiades was.
So I ran and I search it.
And then this beautiful
constellation came back.
And with that came this
flow of the memories.
And that's what cosmic
DNA does for us.
It helps us to remember to
awaken the memories within us.
And it's usually to that
emotional part of us.
>>NOORY: Is there a spiritual
aspect of this cosmic DNA
within us?
>>MARQUEZ: Absolutely.
So the spiritual aspect is
the essence of that soul.
The physical aspect of our
DNA is that we are creators,
that we can create.
Now everything in the world
here works into dualities.
So we have a physical
and we have a spiritual.
So the spiritual
aspect of our DNA,
it's coming to that
awakening of the soul
and be responsible
for where we are going
and what we are learning, what
are we're going to do with it?
That's what Theresa Bullard
on Gaia's Mystery Teachings
talked about, the
potential of DNA.
>>TERESA BULLARD: Now here
are the practical things
that impact our DNA
that we have the power
to change if we choose.
First our environment.
What we breathe, what
we eat and drink,
the products we put on our
skin, the lifestyle choices
and habits, our stress
levels, all of this
affects chemistry in the body.
Second our mental beliefs.
Our expectations, thoughts,
attitudes, what we focus on,
this all ties in to the quantum
observer effect as well.
Third, our emotional attitudes.
The HeartMath Institute
published a study in 2003
that showed when a person
is experiencing motions
of a low vibration, such as fear
or worry, their DNA tightens up
or contracts, which
then restricts access
to the genetic potential.
On the other hand, if they
experience a high vibration
such as love, joy, gratitude,
their DNA relaxes its coil
and it expands granting access
to more genetic expression.
This brings us back
to the concepts
on expansion and coherence
and how we regulate
our genetic expression.
The more we expand and achieve
a heightened state of coherence,
the more we can
access our potential.
Now our fourth epigenetic
key are the words we use.
For better or for worse, our DNA
responds to the words we speak.
Every word we speak goes into
all levels of the DNA system.
This is why it is so
important to clean up
our use of words
and frame things
in positive and uplifting
words rather than complaining
or gossiping or
spreading negativity.
The person who uses
words in a negative way
hurts themselves and others.
>>NOORY: What did you
think of that, Eve?
>>MARQUEZ: It is
absolutely true.
The way how we think,
how we act, what we do
give us a choice to
choose the choice
to stay in the law
vibrational energy
or raise up in that
high vibrational energy.
And that will unlock many
other parts of the DNA
that kind of protecting us
in that self-destruction.
In our human body, we have
an organ called gall bladder
that we all know.
And according to the
Chinese medicine,
the gallbladder gave
us a power to choose
how are we going to feel,
what are we're going to do.
That's literally
a free will zone.
So let's say that gallbladder
literally leads us
into regulation of our DNA, that
it all leads into the choices
are we going to be constructed
and limit that and congested
that up there or are we
going to open and explore
much more than there is?
>>NOORY: Can anything go wrong
with cosmic DNA within us?
>>MARQUEZ: I don't
think it can go wrong.
The only way it can
go wrong is if they
start using the artificial
intelligence to improve
our body, then
they would I think
affect the natural
evolution, what
is supposed to happen to us.
>>NOORY: Are there
different forms
of star seeds within us
or just the Pleiades?
>>NOORY: There are
different forms.
So there are many stories.
I believe that we have 12
founding families or star
families who contribute
to the primate DNA
that the day are the human
beings are because we
are living in their bodies.
So let's say these
12 families created
a 13th family, which would
be the human family today.
So we have these 12
particular strands.
Now we all have a cosmic DNA.
Whenever you come from Pleiades,
Libra, or other human, but each
of these star families is way
evolved than when we are today.
So they carried a special
kind of the ability
or the nature of
personality that they have.
And that's what they
contribute to our DNA.
And that's what make change.
>>NOORY: Is the DNA
put in us from birth?
The moment we're born?
>>MARQUEZ: Yes.
So we carry the ancestral
DNA from our genetic family,
but we also carry
our soul-mind DNA.
So let's say if I
may have experienced
the life in the
Pleiades, naturally, I
don't carry this DNA
from my birth mother
unless she also may have
came from the same line.
But I believe we can carry
it through our soul-mind
consciousness that
downloads into this DNA
created body by the birth.
>>NOORY: Do we pass
it on to our children?
>>MARQUEZ: We pass on our
children what we learn.
However, we cannot pass all
this Pleiadean memory that I had
on my children because it's
like my past life be passing
on them.
So there will be
tiny bits and pieces.
Our job as somebody who remember
this extraterrestrial DNA
for us is to create a way
of life and to teach them.
So we can pass something
from generation to generation
but the people will
not understand it
if they start to be aware
of what is happening to us
then we can teach them and
create a way of their life.
And that is much more
effective and connecting
that innovative genetic
predisposition to it,
that would have a great effect.
>>NOORY: Is there a genetic
modification program
underway to change
us, to alter us?
>>MARQUEZ: Well,
that's a good question.
The Pleiadeans
that I work with or
the benevolent extraterrestrial
species that I work with,
they are guiding us that we
do our DNA modification in
ourselves.
Not necessary by some
kind of the chemicals
or putting something
in our body,
but by becoming aware of who
we are and helping our develop.
Same as we watch in the video.
When we become
aware of our choices
and how they affect our life
that, is the DNA evolution.
We don't need
anything else for it.
>>NOORY: With this
genetic manipulation,
how do we know they are doing it
for our benefit and not theirs?
>>MARQUEZ: That is true.
However, so when I channel
the reptilian beings
from the Orion,
and we do know all
that they are good reptilians
and bad reptilians.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>NOORY: They connect
to our first chakra
to safety, security.
And they do connect
to our gallbladder,
which is the main pathway for
the soul-mind consciousness.
>>NOORY: Through
the gallbladder.
>>MARQUEZ: Yes.
So the gallbladder
is the something
that Pleiadeans taught
me, that is the pathway
for the ego-mind consciousness.
Some people have their
gallbladder removed.
What happens to them?
>>NOORY: You still have
your meridian pathway.
And you can still work with
the meridian pathway that
goes from the head over your
body, down through your leg,
which actually can connect
to all your seven chakras.
But where I'm going with this
is that if the gallbladder gives
us the power of the choices
or in the Chinese medicine,
it connects to this that
we can choose anything
we want, then if somebody
help us to genetically modify,
to control us, why they
would give us a will choice?
>>NOORY: True.
So what was the
reason the star seed
is in us in the first place?
To help us?
Make us better?
>>MARQUEZ: Well, I think
honestly in the first place,
we need to look
a little bit back
before the story
of the Anunnakis.
We need to go somewhere in
about cross between the Lemuria
and Atlantis.
Now they all have
seen this picture
from the ancient Egypt when they
are this ancient astronaut's
wearing the things.
That mean that somebody
was flying on the Earth
and Earth was not necessarily
the best environment
to support their life.
And they really fell
in love on earth.
And yes, they had
his healing temples
and rejuvenating places
and all that stuff.
However, their
body were not fully
compatible with the place.
And that's how this genetic
modification really originally
started.
It wasn't to create the human
race, that was later on.
Let's have some good
obedient species.
But it was for them, and I
think this can be compared
to the mission Mars eventually.
Those who are going
to be living on Mars
may possibly
encounter a hard time
to living in the
dorm communities.
And they will eventually
want to venture out and live
a different life.
And if they have sophisticated
technology and medicine
and the physics, who
find a life on the Mars
and find it compatible with
that human geniculate body,
that is the beginning of
the genetic modification
on the Mars.
And we can forget and thousands
and thousands of years
later, we may wonder,
why did they do that?
So I do honestly believe
they started to do that
just because they needed help.
>>NOORY: Are they our gods?
>>MARQUEZ: I believe so.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>MARQUEZ: Well, but there
is a question of the gods.
I think the gods are
just the ancient aliens,
extraterrestrial species.
>>NOORY: But if they
created us in their image,
it seems very
biblical, doesn't it?
>>MARQUEZ: It does.
But they were created in the
image of somebody like them
before.
And a cycle repeats
over and over.
And we look at them
as the gods, why?
Because the cosmic DNA has
been probably functioning
in about 80% or so much on.
So they appear godly like.
But what if they just
understood their cosmic DNA
and how to utilize it?
What if it's not just
as mystical, but normal?
>>NOORY: Matias
De Stefano is part
of Gaia's program "Initiation."
And he talked about the
modification of humanity
and what it meant for the
possibility of a galactic race,
maybe even stopping
a galactic war.
>>MATIAS DE STEFANO:
This war that
is being held in these three
times in the fourth dimension
is calling us from
every dimension
to be prepared ourselves
not to live it.
That's why a lot of people is
receiving information and data
from other levels
of consciousness
from Pleiadean people, Sirian
people, Arcturian people
to prepare ourselves and
our bodies souls and spirit.
So we could be centered
to love each other,
to reunite each other,
to go through the portals
of the ninth
dimension from within.
So in such a way,
we prevent the war
to happen again in the future.
So the responsibility we should
have today through that war
is that we can heal that
war through many dimensions.
But by healing that war
here in this planet,
starting from ourselves.
So the war is something
that is being held within.
If we make peace in
between our parts
and we start to be
coherent in our daily life,
we are going to be healing
the links we have with others
that we are fighting with and
the war stops in our families,
the war stops in our culture,
war stops in our species,
and then when we stop
the wars in our planet,
so we create a fractal
of this reality
towards every other dimension.
So if we do it well, if we do
it properly in this planet,
it will be like a seed to
show to many other beings
in other planets that
it is possible to be
harmonious with the universe.
Our job here is to remember
that we are every perspective.
And that the only
way you can achieve
the ninth and the eighth
dimension is from within.
That's why we need to know
about all these people
intelligent beings
around the universe.
And why it's important
to understand
our role in the War of Orion.
We are the seed that
can heal the war
in between every dimension.
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>NOORY: He seems to have a
pretty good handle on this.
>>MARQUEZ: I love his work.
So the last war is literally
fought inside of us.
We are reminded about these
wars and what happen out there
within all these dimensions.
And as this memory comes,
especially the Death Star seat,
we are meant to remember.
And we are last part of it, we
are meant to change ourselves.
If we find our
soul-mind consciousness,
it will literally fight
that last war within us,
to change ourselves,
to change our ego
into this beautiful,
intelligent mind that can easily
create lives on the other
planet and eventually see
the other planet, same
as we were seeded in.
There will not be wars anymore.
There will not be a
need for the control
somebody with anybody else.
So that's why all these
memories are so important.
And so important to
connect to it and says,
yeah, we have been
there, done that.
And we can definitely continue
in that, but if we change.
>>NOORY: You don't think there's
anything evil about this.
>>MARQUEZ: Well,
we have a choice
how are we going to look at it.
We can look at it from
the evil point of view
and live in the fears.
Or we can make a
choice to start looking
at it from the point
of view of love
and choose a soul-mind
consciousness.
And that, I think,
could make a difference
that can create these
hundreds of syndromes,
which we need a little
bit more than 100 people
around the world.
And it will help us to rise
over anything challenging
that may be ahead of us.
>>NOORY: How do we awaken
this within ourselves?
>>MARQUEZ: Well, the awakening
starts with memories.
And then really realizing,
well, I'm different.
We all have this story, I'm
the black sheep of the family
and nobody understands me.
And we all think
this is such a curse.
But once you turn
it around, and you
stop identifying yourself as a
different, you make a choice.
You say, you know what?
I'm a good heart
centered person.
I mean well.
So I'm going to choose to
feel good about my different.
And suddenly hold
the new reality opens
and that's how you awaken it.
Then you start reading
the different books,
watch the Gaia shows and says,
well that speaks to me why I
cannot be like that person,
why I can have those memories.
And that literally leads us
on the way of the learning
and exploring and
finding who we are.
>>NOORY: Are you an
extraterrestrial?
>>MARQUEZ: I am a star seed.
>>NOORY: Well, we
all are, aren't we?
>>MARQUEZ: Yes.
>>NOORY: But, I mean, are you
more a star seed than most?
>>MARQUEZ: That's hard to say.
I do have a memory of a life in
Pleiades and on other planets.
And if that memory makes
me more extraterrestrial
than the human, then may
be in my consciousness.
But in the body, I'm
human as anybody else.
>>NOORY: How did
you learn all this?
>>MARQUEZ: So I
work with my guides.
A lot of my memories--
>>NOORY: In dream state?
>>MARQUEZ: In the dream
state, in the meditation,
in reading different
kind of the books.
But most of it came in the
dream state of meditation.
>>NOORY: Did you understand it
right away or did it take time?
>>MARQUEZ: It took a time.
It took a long time
until I understood it,
until I embrace it,
and until I start
believing that this is true.
And this is true that makes
my life better and the people
that I work with, it
makes their life better.
>>NOORY: Give us an
example, if you can,
on just how this works?
>>MARQUEZ: So let's say empathy.
Empathy is that extraterrestrial
ability or the cosmic DNA
ability that we have.
A lot of people have such a
hard time with empathy today.
And they try to shield
themselves and close it
that they will never feel
anything that there is.
Well, the empathy, if I
start looking in another way
can be the biggest
gift in our life.
When as an empathetic
person, let's say
a doctor or the nurse,
they'll train themself
for this empathy, they can
actually through this empathy,
scan the body of
the patient and can
find what is the
problem within the body
instead of just going
according to assigned questions
as we are taught at school.
So in this case, the
empathy can save the life.
Instead of being
something like, oh, God.
I don't want to go
to my parents' dinner
because I'm going to feel
all the negativity around.
So again, it's a
choice to learn to stop
judging what we are feeling
and finding ourselves
in a place and a situation
that we would like to be.
So that's the one example.
>>NOORY: What are the
languages of light?
>>MARQUEZ: Language of light is
the language of this universe.
So we know that this
universe is intelligent mind.
So naturally, it must have
an intelligent language
that everybody in this
universe will communicate
despite our differences,
our different languages
or where we are living.
Now commonly people are--
people find a language of
light of the spoken form
that many of us do today.
But there are many other aspects
of the language of light,
as colors, sound,
numbers, geometric shapes.
And all part of the senses to
smell, taste, touch, sight.
Now despite wherever
we live in the world,
despite whatever
language we speak,
the red color will
always be red.
And I do have this belief that
the red colors will always be
red anywhere in this universe.
That itself is the language
and communicate to ourselves.
All the crop circles are
made in the geometric shapes
because the geometric
shapes can be
understood from the point of
the mathematical language.
And the mathematical language
can be expressed in the sound,
in the music, in the colors.
And from that we can make a
story that somebody can tell.
>>NOORY: Do you teach
people this or how
can other people learn this?
>>MARQUEZ: Yes, I do to
teach classes about this.
>>NOORY: How long
does it take to learn?
>>MARQUEZ: Well, it depends.
Some people remember
and it goes really fast
and some people really need
to find that niche or that
what they feel drawn to.
So it's very hard to
teach somebody just
to speak the language of light
because there's not really
a dictionary for it.
But you can learn
it by taking let's
say the seven colors
of the rainbow,
putting the pencil beside
you, and just the feeling
your emotions, your
energy, and reach
for that color, which you
want you want to express
your emotion at the moment.
That is the language of life.
>>NOORY: Well, that
illustrates a lot of what
you say with the
docuseries, "Interviews
With Extra Dimensionals."
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>BOBBIE STELLING:
Light language to me
is a language that is
expressed through the heart.
>>HARRY STELLING: It seems to
communicate through resonance,
through vibration,
through sound,
and it seem to have a deep
recognition within people
as either some kind
of ancient knowing
or some kind of a
soul recognition.
>>SOL: It's a composite of
light, color, sound, frequency,
and the opportunity
for to bridge
different galactic communities
and different levels
of awareness that are
beyond our understanding.
>>MICHELE ELKIE: Light language
is light passing through us.
And it's what we all are.
It expresses itself
through each of us.
>>RONALD HOLT: You put a
voice to that and just allow
it to freely flow
through you, then
the channel opens,
connecting Earth and sky,
connecting those two channels,
and light language appears.
>>MICHELE ELKIE: It can
be in all different forms.
It could be spoken.
It could be written.
It could be danced.
It could be song.
It's just expressing
who you are.
>>STELLING: I see light
language as a kind
of a composite of many
different levels of awareness
that is packaged in voice in
terms of language and hand
motions, in writing and
writing different languages.
And also helping
to understand what
we are moving into at this
time bridging other reality
constructs that maybe
have different ways
of communicating.
>&gtSTELLING: I felt a
deep resonance within me.
It's like an ancient
knowing or soul recognition
or something that was
really speaking to my soul.
>>ELKIE: When I speak it, I feel
the connection below and above.
I feel it through my legs and
sometimes my legs will move.
And I feel the connection above
as the energy comes through
from the top of my head
and straight into my heart
and it's just like an energy
search that I can't control.
So I just have to go with it.
And when I go with the
flow, I feel it more.
>>NOORY: How many people are
not aware of their own DNA?
>>MARQUEZ: I think, that's
my wild guess, about 80%
of the humanity.
>>NOORY: Do not know.
>>MARQUEZ: Yes.
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>MARQUEZ: I think that is huge.
>>NOORY: The 20% that do
know how do they find out?
>>MARQUEZ: They had that memory,
something happened to them.
Whenever it was an illness
or trauma or tragic,
something that happened, that
would awaken them into this,
there is something
different about me
and I'm going to
start feeling it.
They're either going
to be depressed
for the rest of my life or
I'm going to find my way
and that way lead
you into the DNA.
However, they are on this
fast growing track right now.
So I think that this 20%
have a great potential
to awaken to rest of--
>>NOORY: Give us an
example, if you can,
about the communication
and demonstration
of light language.
>>MARQUEZ: All right.
Mine is the spoken form.
And mine comes from the heart
and this is how it goes.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>NOORY: What language was that?
>>MARQUEZ: That, I think was the
Pleiadian form, well, I think.
I know that was the Pleiadian
form of the language of light.
It's the soul healing form.
>>NOORY: What did it mean?
Do you know?
>>MARQUEZ: What it means?
It means that I share my love
from my heart with everybody
who's listening today.
So the last light language
of light can reach to them
and can reach to that
sleeping DNA within and says,
you are loved.
You are loved by the universe.
>>NOORY: What is the purpose,
do you think, of light language?
Why do we have it?
>>MARQUEZ: We know
these extraterrestrials,
they want to
communicate with us.
And they may know really
well to speak English.
And we want to become
multidimensional species
as well.
And as we are on this journey
to exploring eventually
the other planet, they may come
across these extraterrestrials.
And instead of just
be afraid of them,
we will know how to communicate.
That is the one reason.
The second reason would be that
it quickened our awakening.
And it quickens
also the development
of that sleeping DNA within us.
>>NOORY: Are we
multi-dimensional, Eva?
>>MARQUEZ: Yes, we are.
We definitely are.
>>NOORY: That's a
good thing, isn't it?
>>MARQUEZ: I think
it's a great thing.
We are multidimensional
because in our meditations
we can reach these
multi-dimensional places.
That means if as
far as we can reach,
so deep we can go
within our body.
And we say, well, this
is just the body, right?
But if we look just
our seven chakras,
there will be seven
dimensions right there.
We are reaching the third
to the fifth dimension.
But if we look at our sensory
system, as the smell, taste,
sight, touch, and sound,
here we have our sixth sense,
and the time traveling sense.
Those are our 7 dimensions
within the body.
And those 7 dimensions can be
connected with out of the body
as well.
That's just the beginning.
>>NOORY: Are we the
extraterrestrials?
>>MARQUEZ: Some of us are.
We are the ancient aliens.
If we can trace our life
back to the ancient Atlantis
or to Lemuria, if we
can trace our past lives
before the biblical
flood, that mean
that they must have we're in the
extraterrestrial body that may
have been genetically modified.
>>NOORY: How has
this changed you?
>>MARQUEZ: It gave me the
great appreciation for life,
and gratitude for being here
and understanding myself
that we don't have
to fear death.
We don't have to
fear of who we are.
And there's just so
much of awesomeness
about every single one of us.
>>NOORY: Somebody at home
watching this program right
now is probably saying,
I have alien DNA in me.
Come on.
How do they know this?
How can they find
out on their own?
>>MARQUEZ: Well, if they are
drawn to any ancient sites
or watching the shows like this,
there is something within them,
within that DNA that
says, hey, pay attention.
>>NOORY: It turns
it on for them.
>>MARQUEZ: It turns it on.
And then the next
step, make it normal.
It's not that they're
going to wake up in the bed
with green skin
and big black eyes.
We're still going to
be humans in this body.
Our job is to take
that knowledge
and apply it to the 21st
century and make it normal.
Make it to be part
of our evolution
and the human race that's going
to make this world a better
place for the long term.
>>NOORY: What do our cosmic
ancestors want from us?
>>MARQUEZ: They
want us to remember.
They want us to remember that
we are them and they are us.
And that their greatest
joy and a journey
is to help us to
awaken and to evolve.
See, if we look
at the beginning,
let's say the human race and
the genetic modification,
they still were
allowed to evolve.
They did not stay
as a control species
or are somebody who will stay in
that part of the evolution that
was allowed to them.
They were put into
that evolving process
to become
multidimensional spaces.
So they want us to know
that that's who we are.
They want us to win that
last fight within us.
They want us to let go
of the fears and the hate
and the judgment of each other
and find love and happiness
and make the Earth the
most beautiful place
for our generations to come.
>>NOORY: Has this made
you a better person?
>>MARQUEZ: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: In which ways?
>>MARQUEZ: In all ways.
I was born into the
human with eager DNA.
My idea about the
life in the 20s
was totally different
than it is today.
Helping the people
to find who they are,
helping them to
understand or be different
is the greatest
things in the world.
Brings me such joy and happiness
and the hope for the future.
>>NOORY: Was Jesus a star seed?
>>MARQUEZ: Oh, yes.
Do you want to know
which one, right?
>>NOORY: Probably much
more than we thought, huh?
>>MARQUEZ: I believe
so and I think
that him and Mary
Magdalene scenes
were literally showing us look
we were born as the humans
because I think we all can
understand that they were not
dropped off here
from the spaceship.
And we work our way.
There's no magical
transformation
in the Jesus Christ.
Everybody can-- for most of
the part, trade his trade
his journey of learning
and practicing and evolving
until he released to death.
And as a true teacher
was teaching to those
who are willing to listen.
>>NOORY: Have you
been to the Pleiades?
>>MARQUEZ: In my
meditation, yes.
>>NOORY: What's it like?
>>MARQUEZ: It's beautiful.
The energy up there is beyond
our human comprehension.
The level of the laugh and
the happiness and serenity
is just beautiful.
>>NOORY: Are you glad
this has happened to you?
>>MARQUEZ: Yes.
>>NOORY: No regrets?
>>MARQUEZ: No.
No.
I'm happy that I can
understand myself.
I'm happy that I don't have
to be this depressed human who
was always thinking that the
things are happening to me
because we all are, many
of us are like that.
And finding this
way of the change.
>>NOORY: What do they
want from us, Eva?
What do the ancestors
want from us?
Anything?
>>MARQUEZ: They want us
to be peaceful nation.
They want us when
we one day joined
us beautiful community of
extraterrestrial beings,
to be peaceful,
to be benevolent.
To let go of our control.
And they literally
want us that we learn.
They don't want to
really come here
and say, OK, let
me teach you ABC.
They says, they'll
give it to you.
And you learn it by yourself.
They give you the curriculum
and you master it.
They want us to be healthy.
They want us to be happy.
They want us to create
families that are
inspiring to anybody out there.
I think that's a
pretty good way to look
at it what they want from us.
>>NOORY: What is
multidimensional awareness
anyway?
>>MARQUEZ: Ooh,
multidimensional awareness
is the activation
of your sixth sense.
Now our sixth sense can
literally activate only
when we start
understanding our five
basic senses, and our
chakras, and energy within us.
When it's aligned
some like Kundalini
energy when it rises all the way
up, then that awareness open.
The multidimensional
awareness is literally
and simple way explain
understanding of our body.
So I can tune in my body.
And I can say OK.
Is it OK to eat the gluten
or the dairy or the vegetable
today?
>>NOORY: Stay healthy.
>>MARQUEZ: That is
multidimensional awareness
within our body and then
other, like me traveling
to Pleiades, that is because of
my multidimensional awareness.
>>NOORY: Our friend
Matias De Stefano
talked about tapping into
the multi-dimensional beings.
>>DE STEFANO: So what
you started to do
was to hear the voices of our
guides in other dimensions.
You would start to
listen the voices
and the vibration of the high
masters in the fifth dimension.
You would start feel how
the Elohim are creating us
every day.
You will start to feel the
power of the archangels
in the seventh dimension
holding you in this reality.
So when you match that all
in every one of your chakras,
you become the
messenger of every beam
that was forming you and
shaping you in every dimension.
And that made that those
priests and priestess
would be able to become
gods and goddesses.
So what we used to separate
in different levels
of consciousness like humans,
Aessir, the Confederation,
the guides, the angels, the High
Masters, the Ascended Masters,
the archangels, they
are all the same being
in different vibrations
holding one reality.
So when you become
those realities
through the portals
of your own body,
you are able to speak for them.
And that's what we
call channeling.
Channeling was to
download the information
from other levels like the
wire, the Wi-Fi of the universe,
and download those
patterns into the body
when you had the
proper information that
matches the structure
of vibration and pattern
of geometry from those
levels of consciousness.
So that's what allowed the
priests and priestesses
to download this information.
By this matching they would
bring that information
into the matter.
>>NOORY: Now what do
you think of that?
>>MARQUEZ: That is amazing.
>>NOORY: See what I teach
the people is to understand
the centers within our body.
So Matias DiStefano shows
you how to get it up there.
And it's going to come
and into the body.
But when people
get into the body,
we have to understand
it as well.
So what we received from
that multidimensional, when
we receive in the body, body has
a little confusion sometimes.
And that's when we start
feeling different, right?
It's like, is it true?
Is it happening?
Is it not happening?
So the Pleiadeans
when you asked me
before what they want from us?
They want us to understand
how to take that information
and how to understand
it within you.
How to perceive it
as a full download
and what to do with it.
>>NOORY: With empathy?
>>MARQUEZ: Yes.
With empathy, with
other abilities,
like if I can hear
the other beings
in the multidimensional places,
then sound and the hearing
is the fifth chakra.
Fifth chakra has
special abilities,
which I call sometimes
the energy power centers.
So it's like this energy
power center that at a moment
will receive that.
So when I receive
those messages,
I may not receive them
necessarily in my third chakra
because if I receive
them as an empathy,
it will be kind of the
feeling, like how it
feels what they are telling me.
But if I receive it as a
sound, as a sentence I receive,
I receive it through my hearing
and the sound abilities.
>>NOORY: Are you glad
this has happened to you?
>>MARQUEZ: Yes.
>>NOORY: No regrets?
>>MARQUEZ: I have no regrets.
No, no because this makes life
more enjoyable and helping
the others is a great
way to live a life.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of you?
>>MARQUEZ: So I have applied
My website is evamarquez.org.
>>NOORY: And the
name of your book?
>>MARQUEZ: And the
name of my book
is "Activate Your Cosmic DNA."
>>NOORY: Perfect.
Yes, spell your website.
>>MARQUEZ: My website
is E-V-A M-A-R-Q-U-E-Z .
O-R-G.
>>NOORY: Very good.
Thank you for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>MARQUEZ: Thank you so much.
It is, I will admit,
a strange feeling
knowing that you have alien
DNA within your system.
But maybe that's what's
made us who we are today.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for being on "Beyond Belief."
[AUDIO LOGO]